DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Game Over!\"
Draggooo!
I'm alright, Dan...
[roar]
REPORTER: These monsters have now been spotted
in every country around the world
but the biggest battle appears to be
right here in Wardington!
My sources tell me, these creatures are called Bakugan,
and children around the globe have been playing
a strange battling game by the same name.
But the question is when did they come to life?
What is that dumb reporter talking about?
They're not toys!
Swing us in for a closer look, Phil!
[scream]
Ah man!
We hit some kinda of invisible force field!
Feel my wrath, Naga!
Lunatic Burst!
Paladins!
Protect Master Naga!
Out of my way, clowns!
Now what?
Ability Activate!
Magnum Ulysses!
Hang on, Drago!
New Ability Activate!
Plate Harrier!
Drago! Say it ain't so!
NAGA: I hope you realize the consequences
of this battle, Drago.
Whoever controls the Infinity Core and the Silent Core
shall rule the universe!
And it all comes down to either you or me...
Come on Drago, the whole world's counting on you!
But he doesn't stand a chance
against so many of them!
That's it, you guys!
We've gotta help out Drago!
Yes but...
what do you think we can do?
Correct me if I'm wrong, Skryess, but...
didn't that reporter say there was a force field?
You're right, Shun!
It must be some kind of magnetic field created
when Vestroia started to erode your human world.
And that must be the reason those humans
could not get closer to the battle!
Isn't there something someone can do?
That's it!
Humans can't help but Bakugan can!
Admit it, Drago!
You dream of having the Ultimate Power
as much as I do!
Hey Naga!
Back off, you creep!
Why you!
Careful!
Looks like you're going in to help, Tigerra!
It all comes down to this...
I'm counting on you!
And I won't let you down...
Naga must pay for what he's done to Vestroia!
This is it, boys, the final showdown!
Let's get 'er done!
What he said!
Are you ready to battle, Gorem?
Never more, Julie!
So Skyress...
Looks like everyone's signing up.
I wouldn't miss this for anything!
Hydranoid?
Say no more, Alice.
Count me in!
ALL: Alright! Bakugan Brawl!
You're wrong, Naga...
I do not seek Ultimate Power!
Hmph!
Than I hope you don't mind if I take it all for myself...
fool!
[screaming]
Dragooooo!
Hydranoid!
What? Not the Hydranoid?
Yo yo, Hal-G!
Ready to par-tee?
How about a piece of me?
Then it's my turn, boys!
It's hammer time!
Don't forget about Storm Skyress!
And the claws of Tigrerra!
Right on, guys!
Hey Dan!
You just give us the word!
Your wish is our command!
[shouting encouragement]
We're with ya, Dan!
Yeah, that Naga is goin' down!
Jenny and Jewls at your beck and call, Dan!
Let's kick this partay!
Don't worry about a thing... Dan!
Thanks, you guys!
There's no way we can lose!
It's go time!
Sorry for being late, Drago.
Better late than never, Tigrerra...
Ha, ha!
Look at all those pathetic Bakugan!
What a waste of time...
Paladins!
Attack!
We're ready, Dan!
Gate Card Open!
Hyper Merge!
Velocity Fang!
You go get 'em, Tigrerra!
Blue Stealth!
And now for my patented disappearing act!
So cool!
That's my Preyas!
Smack-down time!
Now it's my turn!
BOTH: Mission complete!
Grand Impact!
You show 'em your stuff, Gorem!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
Get 'em good, Skyress!
Trident... of... Doom!
Go Hyrdanoid!
No! No way!
They destroyed all my Paladins!
You'll pay for this!
Bakugan Drain!
Feel my wrath, Naga!
Infinity Demon!
Oh please Drago, you can do better than that!
Silent Down!
Ha, ha, ha!
Your little attack only gives Naga more power,
so I suggest you keep it up as long as you like!
And take your time, I'm enjoying this.
NAGA: I agree because once you run out of power,
the Infinity Core will be all mine!
The Infinity Core shall never be yours, Naga!
Nor mine, because I do not seek Ultimate Power!
Not now, not ever!
It's goes back to the time
I came to the Human World
and met Dan and the other Brawlers.
That's when I gained the confidence
to overpower any opponent!
No matter how many, no matter how strong!
He's right! Because we're...
ALL: The Bakugan Brawlers!
And we're a team!
Fusion Ability...
Dextra Attack!
Now the power of all six Abilities
will be fused together!
[\u266a]
NAGA: Impossible!
The energy!
Too great!
I... I can't fight it!
Your power combined with the humans
is too much for me to handle!
Must... resist!
Must... win!
I must have the Ultimate Power!
[screaming]
Fight it, Naga!
Fight it!
Bakugan!
We won!
We defeated Naga!
We did it! We did it!
Yes, we did it!
Alright!
Good job, guys!
Don't go anywhere!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Hey!
Dan! Hey Dan!
Look guys, there's our hero!
Give me a hug!
Way to go, Dan!
G-Grandfather!
Is it really you?
Are you back for good, grandfather?
Yes my dear, I'm back for good...
and I promise I'll never leave you again...
I promise...
I'm so happy...
And it's all because of you, Dan!
Way to go, buddy!
Thanks Shun...
I appreciate it...
It's a little early for celebrations...
What?
What'd ya mean, Drago?
We beat Naga fair and square...
and we got both the Infinity Core and the Silent Core back.
Take a look at the sky...
DAN: Ah snap!
Why is it like that?
The only explanation is the Human World and Vestroia
are still merging together.
What does that mean, doctor?
It means...
Once the two worlds have fused together
into one dimension...
they will simply collapse.
I thought...
all we had to do was defeat Naga?
That's true, Runo,
but we must also restore balance to Vestroia.
And there is only one way to do that.
I must travel to the center of Vestroia
and return both the Silent Core and the Infinity Core.
Well that makes sense.
I guess it's all up to you, Drago.
It is...
It sounds pretty simple to me...
Just put the cores back where they belong
and come back home.
It's not that simple...
There's something you should know, Dan...
Drago cannot return.
Seriously?
That's because Drago himself will become Vestroia's core.
Huh?
Is it true what they saying?
Yes...
Let us explain, Dan...
The Human World and Vestroia are completely different
and should never have collided...
The fact that we even exist in your world
goes against the basic laws of nature.
That means...
DRAGO: I will become the new Core and restore balance
to Vestroia.
And the other Bakugan will return home with me
and we shall never come back to the Human World again.
This is good-bye...
No way! This is just crazy talk!
What'd ya mean you can't come back?
Ah man...
It can't be true 'cause it bites!
It's true.
But what will he do?
All I know is that Dan needs you!
Just like I need...
my Tigrerra!
Runo...
Me too, I need Gorem...
We've become the best friends in the...whole...
whole world!
Ahhh...
There has to be some way to keep all of you here!
Everything we do is with you
and that just can't change...
I don't know what I'd do without my precious Preyas,
Angelo or Diablo...
Ah, that is so touching, kiddo...
But it is what it is.
You've gotta be joking!
This wasn't...
This wasn't part of the deal!
I thought...
this was gonna be a fresh start...
But noooooooo!
Daniel?
It's time to go home, dear.
But mom...
you just don't... understand!
[sobbing]
It'll be okay...
But we should get you home, Daniel.
Well son...
let's go.
Now put on a brave face...
and let's go home too.
I guess there's nothing else I can do...
Hey Runo... well...
you ready to come home with mom and dad?
Yes...
Everything will be okay, dear...
It will just take some time, that's all...
But try not to make it...
any harder than it is.
She's right.
Drago? Dan?
Hey gang, what'd ya say we take a group picture of everyone?
Cheese!
Hey Joe...
Wavern...
It's okay, Joe...
Wavern is probably back in Vestroia right now.
You think Chan?
You're right.
Adios... Wavern!
Atta boy, Joe...
Now... Follow me!
They're taking pictures!
Cheese!
Hey, wait for us!
Well, I suppose I should begin my journey home.
I guess... this is good-bye... Tigrerra...
That it is, Runo.
Okay then...
But always promise you'll keep in touch, got it?
This is good-bye, Runo...
Good-bye... Gorem...
I love you.
I'm going to miss you, Julie...
I really must thank you for everything...
You really are the best friends
a kid could ever ask for...
And I'm going to miss you like crazy!
So will I...
And thank you for everything, Marucho!
Well... I guess this is it...
Right!
Well Skyress...
this is good-bye...
I'll always remember you, Shun.
Always until the end of time.
Oh Skyress!
Be brave, Shun.
Life for you is only beginning as it is for me.
I will never ever forget you...
Not never...
Too bad we can't stay here with you longer...
I'll miss you...
Hydranoid.
Maybe one day things will change and we'll meet again.
Time will only tell.
And I suppose all I can do
is hope for that day to come...
Know this, Alice, I have never had a closer friend.
And me either, Hydranoid.
Hey Drago...
we sure had a lotta good times, didn't we?
Yes, I guess you could say these past few months
were never boring.
I'm gonna miss ya...
Daniel, one other thing...
What?
I was lucky to have met you...
Me too... Drago...
Take care, my friend.
You bet I will!
Okay!
This is the last time we'll ever brawl, guys!
Everybody ready?
ALL: Yeah!
Bakugan... Brawl!
My mission is to restore Vestroia
to its original form.
This is where we part.
This is what they call the end of the line, huh?
Don't worry Preyas, there'll be other adventures.
Wink Wink!
He's right, and besides, Drago's got a job to do.
Thanks Drago, and I'm really going to miss you.
You were a great leader.
Same goes for me, Drago.
And me as well...
Thanks to all of you.
Now I must go.
Vestroia is safe because both the Infinity Core
and the Silent Core are buried deep inside of me.
And Wavern, we shall be together for an eternity!
Yes Wavern.
I'll never forget you, Dan...
The change has begun.
Yes!
Vestroia is returning to normal again!
And the land is becoming one!
It's a Wonder Revolution!
And... it's amazing!
Eons ago Vestoria was one world
but then it split into Six Attributed Worlds.
Now it's back to being one again!
The Wonder Revolution!
Drago...
My mission is to restore Vestroia
to its original form.
Now I know exactly what he meant by that.
And because of Drago,
there won't be anymore rebel Bakugan like Naga.
Our world in one...
finally!
Okay... let's go home!
Let's go!
JOE: The Bakugan are returning home!
That means Vestroia has been restored!
Bye bye, Tigrerra!
Bye bye... I'll miss you!
I'll never forget you, Preyas!
Take care of yourself, Gorem!
And you behave, 'kay?
[\u266a]
DAN: I'm home!
Hey Dan.
Your lunch is in the fridge...
Did you wash your hands?
DAN: Later!
Places to go, people to meet!
Woohoo!
[laughing, cheering]
Hey, sorry I'm late!
Yeah!
I hope you know it's rude to make a girl wait!
Gee that's weird.
I've never thought of you as a girl before...
You're a jerk!
Huh?
Wow Runo, that's a cool looking hat!
I don't know why I even bother!
Not the face! Not the face!
Hey, I was only kiddin' around!
DRAGO: Take care, my friend...
Dan!
Are you coming or what?
So, what are you waiting for?
The movie's about to start in a few minutes...
What?
[laughing]
Everything is perfect!